Add docs for check_max_cppstd and valid_max_cppstd (#2643)
conan-io/docs: tutorial/creating_packages/preparing_the_build.rst

* Based on the value of the ``with_fmt`` option:

    - We install or not the ``fmt/8.1.1`` Conan package.

>     - We require or not a minimum and a maximum C++ standard as the *fmt* library requires at least C++11 and our

Reviewer: Some clarification might be needed here: it is not that "our settings support at most C++14", as that could mean "our Conan settings like ``compiler.version=xxx`` compiler does not support C++17. This kind of check shouldn't be done in recipes.
There is a new ``profile_plugin.py`` plugin that can be used to test and check the validity of our settings, and it could be used to raise if some compiler doesn't support some C++ standard (I think the default implementation of the plugin already does that?)

So maybe this sentence should be clarified: "and our build system or source code would break if tried to compile with a C++ standard higher than 14"

>     - We require or not a minimum and a maximum C++ standard as the *fmt* library requires at least C++11 and our
>       settings support at most C++14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - We require or not a minimum and a maximum C++ standard as the *fmt* library requires at least C++11 and it will not compile if we try to use a standard above C++14 (just an example, *fmt* can build with more modern standards)
```
